1. DONE: You're using 'vmax' for font sizing, nice! However, it doesn't scale down correctly. Try changing the unit from 'vmax' to 'vw', you'll see it works much better.

2. The site displays well in small screens but it looks the same in large screens. The site need a 'large-screens' layout. Since you have more screen real estate in large screens, you can afford using a 2 columns layout, or even 3 if the content requires it.

3. The images look quite blurry when enlarged. If you're practicing, try using the 'srcset' attribute and create 3 or 4 images that get served depending on the width of the viewport. I explain this in my book :)
---- Wait! you are already using several images, you're using them as background images, why not just use 'srcset' then?

4. Seems you're supporting IE8, is this necessary? If not, don't bother with yet another thing to worry about... Unless of course, you're using that for practice and all that.

5. I recommend dropping the Google font and using Georgia italic. If the font was used across several pages, fine, but you're loading a whole character set to only use 9 letters. Dropping the Google font will save you one request which is a +1 for performance. Besides, Georgia is a very nice typeface.

6. The page weighs 1.2MB at 1440px; 905KB at 935px; 655KB at 700px; 143KB at 450KB; -- but they all have 12 requests. I'm thinking you can trim page weight for the 1440, 935 and 700, which in turn may be able to help the smaller widths.

7. On that note, try reducing the requests too?

8. You might not need overflow-x: hidden; on the body.

9. The picture doesn't have to be that big either, which in the end it saves file size (theoretically).